[Music]
Hello family, how are you my
dearest Lovers of the heart? I hope
you're having a
spectacular weekend and that you're enjoying
your loved ones, not taking advantage of these days
as always that fly by to
enjoy your loved ones And of course,
how can we forget that
many people always write to me to tell me Javi, they keep me company
while I'm
working, they keep me company while
I'm in the truck while I'm at
the restaurant, you
make the way to work for me, whatever it is, it's
worth it, many people also do it while they
're doing housework, they
also have to work on the
weekend and these videos also help them a lot to
find out all the
gossip and find out all the
little things and also why don't we keep them
company So nothing, also remembering
all those people and sending them a
huge kiss By the way, before starting
with the subject, as always, remind you
all to click on subscribe, it's a
completely
free button, you click on it, you subscribe and you
automatically become part of this
great family that we grow in size every day. I
have to thank you all for the support
that you give  to the Channel I think this is going to
be my main channel soon
because I'll most likely close for a while
and abandon Javi Oliveira But
let's not get ahead of ourselves, it
's true that I am very
happy with this channel and I don't have
words to thank you enough for the daily
support and growth that you give it it's worth it
just that If you like the videos hit
the like button and
subscribe so you don't miss anything and
well pay attention because Rocío Flores
did something completely
unexpected today I mean I didn't expect
at all for her to stop
with any journalist to give a
talk or anything like that
we've tried on many
occasions Hey Rocío Stop by the channel
Greetings Hey whatever and the most we
got was while
David was around with us in this
interview that we did the
first interview after the docu-
series of the first docu-series is when she
sent me an audio I don't know if you'll remember
that Rocío sent me an audio and intervened
in that interview in some way to
greet us and to send support to her
father in that  moment that I was
having such a hard time because I had Well
half of Spain calling him an abuser It
turns out that today there are some awards
this is an event that is related
to the world of nails I don't know if you will
recognize José Alcaide who is a friend of the
Channel and a friend of all my colleagues
also from the environment of the blue tide He is
a very good young man who also
does live shows with Antonio David I have not
seen any intervention of his because I have
not had a place but they are debating he is
not a friend of Antonio David from the
family who is dedicated to the
business world of nails you know that the
world of nails apparently
moves a lot they have told me they have
told me many people that it is a world
with a lot of business and Well then look
See if he has business and it is important
that today a special event is taking place at the
Barcelona Congress Palace at 9:15 at
night to award
well I imagine that to the people
the entrepreneurs or the most
recognized people in the world not Golden
Neil What characteristics does
these awards have and this event
today have? Rocío Flores is the
presenter let's not say she's the
godmother of the event and well we've
been announcing this for months and
above all I wanted to remind you all
very importantly okay
our colleague Ave Nocturne Amparo is going to be
covering the event What does
this mean well I think if I'm not mistaken if I'm
not mistaken at around
9 at around nine nine
thirty and so on well you will be able to follow live on her channel
how the event is going not
for all those people who haven't been
able to travel to Barcelona to be
interested or for the world this of the
Nail Congress and above all because
you want to see Rocío Flores I think it's
wonderful not so then
the youtubers are criticized Well thanks to my
colleague Ave Nocturne will be covering
the event You know that in recent
days there's been a tremendous controversy with the
journalist Albert Domenech who
is also a friend of the Channel you know that he's
been here on several occasions and the one we
love very much because he's a
charming person apart from being a great
journalist in short seeing
has been the one who has granted the one who has
brought us exclusively more
information about that complaint  that
Gloria Camila is putting her sister
because she says that the letter is the one they
are talking so much about this letter in
which Rocío Jurado would confess to
mistreatment Ortega Canon they say and they have expertly
stated that it is false seeing has done his
job spectacularly because not
only has he wanted to inform in a
blind way it is not as if he was
only giving the information on behalf
of Gloria Camila but also
something that is rarely mentioned seeing has
been contacting the part also
of Rocío Carrasco the lawyer of Rocío
Carrasco in case he wanted to comment
on the subject and has not wanted at any
time to respond or give any
information to
Albert so that he could add him no Or that is what
the television factory should be like
or the television factory and
Telecinco gives you closed information they have
not given news that they have
filed the complaint that Rocío Carrasco
filed against Olga Moreno and Belén Esteban
for revealing a secret that was neither a
revelation of secrets nor was it anything okay
simply that she was angry because
information came out about money that
she owed the Treasury and that is  hoping
that they charge Olga with something and they don't
succeed okay that news on telecinco they
don't give you news either Like for
example that Rocio Carrasco was charged
with family abandonment and that they are
asking for a year they don't give you that news
at the factory either So we
have to find out things Thanks
to YouTube or thanks to journalists like
Albert Domenech
And then the TV factory
turned on him we ended up with a very
rude speech by Rocio Carrasco in which she also
ordered him to shut up no you shut up you look
better you shut up you look
better and it's like But you can
refute you can give your opinion you can
even criticize Albert for some
attitudes or for some opinions of
course it would be missing but shut up you look better shut
up you look better but well
family you know What the incredible saska has been You
know that these days
Antonio David also released a video
supporting seeing and showing his
position no and brother I do
believe you of course No that you can't
try to censor a journalist
Boom bomb seeing has had today a
chat with Rocío Flores
an interview that she's going to publish in the
next 24-48 hours an interview for
La Vanguardia talks about audio format And
of course she talks about that well let's see she
had a chat of about 20 minutes in
which of course there are topics that have
n't been covered yet she doesn't
say seeing that she's been very generous she
says Alberca has been very generous I would
love to I love it I'm looking forward to
seeing it I'm looking forward to seeing it because when she
says Alberca has been very generous it's that she must have made
some curious and
powerful statements so
well let's see what it is let's
see what it is okay let's see
what happens and as
our dear Peter from La Marea
Azul is saying here I love the zasca that
Rocío Flores just gave her
La Fábrica de la Lira and Rocío
being interviewed by Albert Domenech
it's that literally or rather literally I think that
Rocío doesn't want to she doesn't usually want to talk
no no she doesn't usually want to talk much or rather like she's
sent me a few
audios on Instagram on occasion
some colleague some written message
some comment  and maybe you know but it's like she does
n't want to Not for nothing I mean not for
not for being tasty or anything
like that but because any movement
that she makes and I talked about this once
with her not any movement that
she makes imagine Maybe she
thanks us for a video okay even if she puts
a comment on an Instagram message
okay she's
going to take it now the fuchsia tide these
people like look look are supporting the
people who criticize the mother You
understand me so the childish ones are
a little inhibited in that sense what is
happening is
that on this occasion I think she has made
an effort an effort not to
give her a gift seeing what she has
fallen for she said like you are going for seeing
Well take Albert I give you a
statement that by the way will most
likely be eaten up by several media outlets
for a whole week okay because
you see and everything that
Albert's information has not been worth to them that I don't
know what I don't know how much and the one that they have given him
the statements of Rocío Flores now
in the vanguard they are going to
reproduce it and they are going to comment on it
everywhere So nothing for  Of course, from
here I want to congratulate my colleague, send him
a huge hug, looking forward to
listening to his interview. I recommend that
everyone, if they are not subscribed to the
channel at this point, do so,
and it's important that tonight or during the
afternoon, stay tuned to the
Ave Nocturne channel. A kiss, family, and I'll
see you in the next video.
[Music]